1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? To frame out your website.  It is the foundation
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are words used inside a tag to describe it
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is for the main heading.  It should only be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Img and <a>      
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Header
    7. What is an id? 
Describes one specific item instead of many
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any if you need to single out that one
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once 
    10. What is a class? 
It can describe a number of different elements on the page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any group of elements you'd like to describe together.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
A href = "url"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
To describe an image if it can't be seen
    15. How do I reference an id?
With a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Dif is a decider but a section groups elements together
    17. What is CSS used for? 
To add the color, size, style...
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
Put it in CSS for ex.  H2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class calls a group of elements where an i.d. will only call one.  If I have 4 headers and I want them all to be the same color and size I would use a class.  If I have something I only use once I would use an I.D.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With a "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
P {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It is when a tag or element is nested under another tag.  It is helpful when referencing the same class twice in CSS.  It is a good way to differentiate. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Div .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Selects something under a class like last child
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text lowercase text uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Div{
	border: 1 px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
Command Shift /
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork
Assign collaborate
Clone
Create branch with git checkout -b first "name-lastname"
Go to GitHub and compare and pull request button
Hit the drop down and select file with my name
Click reviewers and add my TL
Click pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

